## Contributing to satcon-client-go
We welcome contributions that follow these guidelines.

## How to Contribute?

### Bugs
1. Check [existing issues](https://github.com/IBM/satcon-client-go/issues) to verify that your bug has not already been reported.
2. Create a new issue using the `Report Bug` issue template and include the following:
  * Descriptive and clear title
  * Short description of the problem
  * Expected behavior
  * Actual behavior
  * Steps to reproduce

## Enhancement Request
1. Check [existing issues](https://github.com/IBM/satcon-client-go/issues) to verify that your enhancement has not already been requested.
2. Create new issue using the `Enhancement Request` template.

## Pull Requests
We welcome code contributions if you see something that you would like to work on yourself. These are the steps that we suggest in order for you to have the best chance of your PR getting approval:
1. Verify that the issue is not already being worked on.
2. Add a comment in the issue stating that you are addressing it.
3. Fork the repo from the `master` branch, checkout a new branch on your fork and make your code changes.
4. Create a pull request to [satcon-client-go](https://github.com/IBM/satcon-client-go) `master` from your local branch, and be sure to reference:
    1. The issue(s) that your PR addresses.
    2. Any additional information, i.e. screenshots, etc.
    3. All `.go` files are required to have corresponding test files generated by [ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/).
    4. Code coverage is required to be at least 80% for all changes other than documentations or configurations.
    5. All code should include detailed comments explaining functionality and behavior.
    6. Git commit messages require the following:
      * Use the present tense, i.e. "Modify function" not "Modified function"
      * Use the imperative mood, i.e. "Create new subscription" not "Creates new subscription"
      * Reference issue

Your PR will be reviewed as quickly as possible. If you see it is taking more time than expected, feel free to `@` nudge us.
